Update scopes documentation for Java and Android (#4747)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/common/enriching-events/scopes.mdx

## How the Scope and Hub Work

As you start using an SDK, a scope and hub are automatically created for you out

> of the box. It is unlikely that you will interact with the hub directly unless you

Reviewer: We use contractions wherever we can, but otherwise, this is a nice update.

```suggestion
of the box. It's unlikely that you'll interact with the hub directly unless you're
```

Author: Thanks! Haha, I think this was one of the reasons I started editing the docs.

Got it. Yeah, your style is a bit less formal than mine.

Reviewer: > Thanks! Haha, I think this was one of the reasons I started editing the docs.
> 
> Got it. Yeah, your style is a bit less formal than mine.

Yeah, we love a contraction around here 😄 but it's just as common to not use them. Thanks for all your work on this!

> are writing an integration or you want to create or destroy scopes. Scopes, on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
writing an integration or you want to create or destroy scopes. Scopes, on the
```

<PlatformContent includePath="enriching-events/unset-user" />

<PlatformSection supported={["android"]}>

<PlatformContent includePath="enriching-events/scopes/scope-synchronization" />

</PlatformSection>

To learn what useful information can be associated with scopes see
[the context documentation](../context/).

<PlatformSection notSupported={["android"]}>

## Local Scopes

We also support pushing and configuring a scope within a single call. This is typically
called `with-scope` or `push-scope` depending on the SDK, and is very helpful if
you only want to send data for one specific event. In the following example we use
`with-scope` to attach a `level` and a `tag` to only one specific error:

<PlatformContent includePath="enriching-events/scopes/with-scope" />

While this example looks similar to `configure-scope`, it is actually very different.
Calls to `configure-scope` change the current active scope; all successive calls
to `configure-scope` will maintain previously set changes unless they are explicitly
unset.

> `with-scope` on the other hand creates a clone of the current scope and the changes

Reviewer: We should avoid starting the sentence with a lower case letter
```suggestion
On the other hand, `with-scope` creates a clone of the current scope, and the changes
```

made will stay isolated within the `with-scope` callback function. This allows you to
easily isolate pieces of context information to specific locations in your code or
even call `clear` to briefly remove all context information.

<Alert level="info" title="Important">

> Any exceptions that occur within the callback function for `with-scope` will not be
> caught and all errors that occur will be silently ignored and *not* repoted.

Reviewer: Required spacing for note/alert components or the markdown within the text doesn't render properly. Use bold rather than italics to denote importance.

```suggestion

Any exceptions that occur within the callback function for `with-scope` will not be
caught, and all errors that occur will be silently ignored and **not** reported.

```

</Alert>

</PlatformSection>

> <PlatformSection supported={["java", "android"]}>

Author: Oh! with [this](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-docs/pull/4747#discussion_r841714836) did you mean that you wanted to remove the mention of Kotlin as well as the local scopes stuff?

> <PlatformSection supported={["java", "android"]}>

Reviewer 2: Yes, for Android, since there's a global hub/scope, it does not make sense to use that integration, so we can remove from the android page.

> <PlatformSection supported={["java", "android"]}>

Author: Got it, that makes sense. As a counter point though, I was confused that it was mentioned for Java and not Android, which is why I added it to begin with. What do you think about mentioning somewhere in the Android setup docs that the Kotlin extensions aren't needed for Android?

> <PlatformSection supported={["java", "android"]}>

Reviewer 2: Not sure, the content is not for Android at all, it even says:

> Sentry's SDK for Java stores the scope and the context in a thread-local variable

Instead of Sentry's SDK for Android, which is the case for all the other Android integrations, I guess explaining something from another platform would also make confusion.

> <PlatformSection supported={["java", "android"]}>

Reviewer 2: @designedbyz would you like to address this point so we can merge this? thanks.

> <PlatformSection supported={["java", "android"]}>

Author: Sorry, too many irons in the fire. I should be able to address either later today or early tomorrow.

> <PlatformSection supported={["java", "android"]}>

Author: @marandaneto done in 10b558ec8

> <PlatformSection supported={["java", "android"]}>

Reviewer 2: Agree, The goal is that `sentry-kotlin-extensions` get expanded and add extension functions to be "Kotlin friendly", but right now it only has the `SentryContext` and this only makes sense for non-Android.

E.g. https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-java/pull/1886/files
This would make sense for Android too.

> <PlatformSection supported={["java", "android"]}>

Reviewer 2: I'd leave this specific part for another PR, this will get addressed automatically when we land the 1st Kotlin function in the `sentry-kotlin-extensions` library for Android, which is gonna be very soon :)
Thanks for the feedback.

> <PlatformSection supported={["java", "android"]}>

Author: > Agree, The goal is that sentry-kotlin-extensions get expanded and add extension functions to be "Kotlin friendly", but right now it only has the SentryContext and this only makes sense for non-Android.

Got it, that makes sense. 

> E.g. https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-java/pull/1886/files
This would make sense for Android too.

Oooh, that would be handy. 

> I'd leave this specific part for another PR, this will get addressed automatically when we land the 1st Kotlin function in the sentry-kotlin-extensions library for Android, which is gonna be very soon :)
Thanks for the feedback.

Awesome! That sounds good to me!

<PlatformContent includePath="enriching-events/unset-user" />

<PlatformSection supported={["android"]}>

<PlatformContent includePath="enriching-events/scopes/scope-synchronization" />

</PlatformSection>

To learn what useful information can be associated with scopes see
[the context documentation](../context/).

## Local Scopes

> <PlatformSection supported={["java"]} notSupported={["android"]}>

Reviewer 2: This is wrong, why is it only supported for Java?
See https://sentry-docs-git-fork-designedbyz-update-scopes.sentry.dev/platforms/apple/guides/ios/enriching-events/scopes/#local-scopes

Author: Ooop, I think that's just a copy paste error on my part. 

Fixed in 1d1fbe03

  }
}
```

> </PlatformSection>

Reviewer 2: This is probably wrong too, Kotlin coroutines is available even for iOS now: https://sentry-docs-git-fork-designedbyz-update-scopes.sentry.dev/platforms/apple/guides/ios/enriching-events/scopes/#kotlin-coroutines

Author: Can you clarify? I'm confused about whether you mean the initial platform section was wrong, or if removing it was wrong. I'd think that if coroutines is available on iOS now that it might need mentioned?

Reviewer 2: Sure, I just thought that the whole section of Kotlin Coroutines for iOS was visible because of the removal of L143, maybe it's not the case, but The Kotlin Coroutines should not be available for iOS, We have specific docs for Kotlin only https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/kotlin/
I'd not mix both contents yet while we don't offer official support for Kotlin multiplatform.

Author: @marandaneto, got it. Fixed in 70231d38
